Document translations workflow target languages (#5665)
mintlify/docs: workflows/enable.mdx

Add optional instructions appended to the workflow's base prompt. Use these instructions to adjust the style, tone, or other aspects unique to your project.

### Target languages

> The **Translate content** workflow translates your documentation into one or more languages every time it runs. When you enable the workflow, select the languages you want to keep in sync with your source content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you enable the **Translate content** workflow, select one or more languages you want to keep in sync with your source content.
```

> - Mintlify reads your [docs.json `navigation.languages`](/organize/navigation#languages) to identify your default language and preselects any supported target languages already configured there.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Mintlify reads the [languages](/organize/navigation#languages) defined in your `docs.json` to identify your default language and preselects any already configured target languages.
```

- The source language cannot be selected as a target.

> - You must select at least one target language to save the workflow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You must select at least one target language to save the workflow.
- You cannot select the source language as a target.
```

You can change the target languages at any time by opening the workflow's settings and editing the **Translate to** field.

#### Run a translation immediately

> After saving the workflow, click **Translate now** to run it on demand using the currently saved target languages. The workflow must be turned on to trigger a manual run. Manual runs do not affect the workflow's regular trigger.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After saving the workflow, click **Translate now** to run it on demand using the currently saved target languages. The workflow must be enabled to trigger a manual run. Manual runs do not affect the workflow's regular trigger.
```
